README.md, before:

# Web2Exe
 An tiny HTML to exe converter
 Created in 06.10.2024
# Update log:
 v1.0 -> added ability to convert an 3 html/css/js app to exe (now you cant have more than 2 css/js files)
         if you have an title of html page, it displays on executable window
# About project
 This tool is created to convert your web app (html/css/js) to exe
 Avaliable only for windows platform
 This tool created with WINAPI and WebView2 library (from nuget)
 If you want to rewrite my idea to another programming language,
 Write that orignal idea created by me(fastdevil) and updated/rewrited by you 
 (example in copyright.txt)
# What is "stuff/compdat.cmp" ?
 this file is an result of special-compiling an html/css/js together,without this file your app can't run
 (compiling method created by me)
# What is "../output.exe.WebView2" ?
 This folder with app cache, you can delete it after using the app
# How to use
 1) Download archive
 2) if you want, extract it (it maybe can works in archive)
 3) Open folder "/bin"
 4) put your the index.html and/or style.csss and/or script.js in this folder
 5) start the executable (if nothing displays, restart the exe or rename source files)
 6) to hide cmd at startup, look in "/bin/stuff/config.txt" file and change 0 to 1 in showCMDonStartup
 7) that's all

Commit message:

v2 (beta) added native support 2 js commads: alert(), console.log()
You can call the functions in current state of project only 1 time in script, more than 1 in develop

README.md, after:

# Web2Exe
 An tiny HTML to exe converter
 Created in 06.10.2024
# Update log:
 v1.0 -> added ability to convert an 3 html/css/js app to exe (now you cant have more than 2 css/js files)
         if you have an title of html page, it displays on executable window
 v1.1 -> added native support 2 js commads: alert(), console.log() in js (this feature in beta-test)
# About project
 This tool is created to convert your web app (html/css/js) to exe
 Avaliable only for windows platform
 This tool created with WINAPI and WebView2 library (from nuget)
 If you want to rewrite my idea to another programming language,
 Write that orignal idea created by me(fastdevil) and updated/rewrited by you 
 (example in copyright.txt)
# What is "stuff/compdat.cmp" ?
 this file is an result of special-compiling an html/css/js together,without this file your app can't run
 (compiling method created by me)
# What is "../output.exe.WebView2" ?
 This folder with app cache, you can delete it after using the app
# How to use
 1) Download archive
 2) if you want, extract it (it maybe can works in archive)
 3) Open folder "/bin"
 4) put your the index.html and/or style.csss and/or script.js in this folder
 5) start the executable (if nothing displays, restart the exe or rename source files)
 6) to hide cmd at startup, look in "/bin/stuff/config.txt" file and change 0 to 1 in showCMDonStartup
 7) that's all
